
README -- MySpaceID
-------------------

This package is the Java SDK for MySpaceID.

This SDK may be used in the following situations:

   1. External Website: You have a website and you want your users to be able 
      to log on using their MySpace accounts. After a user logs on, this SDK 
      will allow you to fetch his/her data such as name, friends, etc., from 
      MySpace. See below for options on implementing authentication.

   2. On-site App: You have a MySpace on-site application and you need to write 
      server-side code that accesses user data. This SDK allows you to access 
      user data without the need for authentication. 

In the first case, you will need to authenticate the user. In the second case, 
authentication is not necessary, and you will be able to fetch information 
about any user who has installed your application. 

For case 1, straight OAuth or OpenID-OAuth hybrid are available.


Documentation
-------------

Please refer to the documentation in the doc directory for more information on 
how to implement.


Developing with MySpaceID
-------------------------

Tbe best way to start is to get the samples in the sample directory working 
first.  Then customize the code there to fit your needs.

The samples have been built to run out of the box, but you must make sure to 
run them using the correct path.  This is described when you first access the 
index.jsp file in the samples directory.

The samples use a consumer key/secret pair for demo purposes.  For your own 
development, you must obtain your own.  If you use OpenID, you must also set 
up your realm.  If you haven't already, visit the MySpace Developer site 
(http://developer.myspace.com) to set things up.

IMPORTANT: The domain on which you run your server MUST be entered as a realm 
on your MySpace app configuration page.  In order for the samples to work 
you MUST INCLUDE A SLASH AT THE END OF YOUR DOMAIN, e.g. 
http://your-domain:3000/, when you enter it as a realm.


Package Contents
----------------

build.xml - Ant build configuration

LICENSE - MIT license.  The openid4java portions remain under the Apache 
          license: 
	    - everything under src/org
	    - sample/hybrid/formredirection.jsp.

doc/ - Javadoc for this SDK's API

lib/ - Jar libraries needed

sample/ - Sample apps demonstrating OAuth and OpenID-OAuth hybrid.  

src/ - Source code.  The sample consumer servlet 
       org/openid4java/samples/consumer-servlet/ConsumerServlet.java has 
       been adapated and is used by the OpenID-OAuth hybrid sample.

Note: this package is built on top of the openid4java package with minor 
modifications.  Its source code only is included here, but if you need the 
entire package, it is available at http://code.google.com/p/openid4java/.

